hey guys my name is david and you are
watching stories told
today i am going to explain a horror
science fiction mystery movie called
cabin fever
please be aware the video contains
spoilers
we start the movie with a hermit
returning to his camp with a rabbit he
caught earlier
he touches pancake from behind when we
see the dead dog squirting blood on his
face
we switch to a group of friends
traveling in a car to spend a lovely
relaxing and sexually overheated
vacation in the woods
they stop at a gas station jeff gets out
of the car and we see why the wardrobe
stylist only got one credited job in the
past five years
the group approaches a kid wearing a
rabbit mask and paul tries to introduce
himself
dennis bites him for some reason but
paul can't pull his hand out from a
kid's mouth as he isn't a sigma male
the father comes out and screams at the
kid for biting city folk again
paul tells the father to take it easy on
him as it wasn't the kid's fault
he is clearly not old enough to
understand what a handshake means
papa special tells them that dennis is
not like other kids so they should be
aware of him
jeff tries to pull the my dad as a
lawyer trick and threatens him with a
lawsuit
paul washes his hand at a tap behind the
house the others are looking at the
local cuisine which happens to be fox
piss and bird [ __ ] in jars
the other man warns them to take care of
themselves in the woods as a few hikers
got really sick few weeks ago
the group wants to know what happened to
them when they hear daddy anger issues
scream at bert for stealing a candy bar
bert tells him he is a kleptomaniac and
steals things for no reason
do you guys like stealing
me neither that's why today's video is
sponsored by raid shadow legends raid
shadow legends as a free multiplayer
game so you don't have to worry about
the coppers knocking on your door for
downloading enter the matrix illegally
ready
have you taken down the demon lord yet
crushed the ice golem or fought against
millions of players in the arena
no well i sure did and it felt awesome
especially after watching way too many
of these god forsaken movies
this game has everything you would ever
want hot lady another hot lady and
another snow white from your fever
dreams and another hot lady but don't
you worry ladies watching this video
i've got your back too
damn boy
we've got a boss spotlight for you and
today it's the guardian of the void keep
molek kavar
the main trick to fight malek is dealing
with all the poison he puts out if you
can cleanse debuffs on this boss you'll
be good to go he doesn't have many other
tools at his disposal i personally like
to keep no tanks in my team and that is
not a problem as the game is designed to
fit every fighting style
i also like the designs they use for the
champions don't forget that raid just
released a huge new doom tower update
with two huge new bosses to take on
if that is not enough the whole month is
packed with events and tournaments
including one very special event with a
brand new feature super raids
if you want to get a huge head start in
ray all you have to do is hit the link
in the description or scan my qr code
and you'll get an epic hero chonuru 200k
silver one xp boost one energy refill
and one ancient shard so you can summon
an awesome champion as soon as you get
in game
all this treasure will be waiting for
you here hurry up as the rewards will be
only available for the next 30 days and
only for new players
thank you raid shadow legends for
sponsoring this video
now back to the video so our group
drives off leaving the snickers bar
behind dennis watches them drive off
they arrive at the cabin when burke gets
an anxiety attack as there is no
internet tv or weed no gta 5 no black
ops 2 no stampy no minecraft true horror
indeed bert takes out a rifle as he
thinks it is good time to practice
paul tells him to be careful but bert is
a nerd which equals to a degenerate if
you ask the director of the movie
he nearly kills paul which makes him
think how irresponsible and dangerous he
is so he says this cool the movie really
wants us to believe he is a monkey so he
imitates peeing with the fire starter
liquid
he then says to himself that he is going
to go hunting for animals leaving the
fire unattended
karen is taking selfies when paul asks
her what's up with the signal she tells
him she can still post to social media
but it takes longer to upload
paul tries to flirt with her while she
undresses
jeff and marcy are already doing the
adult stuff inside while paul is
listening to stories how other guys
kissed karen before
he has enough and kisses karen it was so
good she immediately abandons the ship
bird is playing in the woods just like
every gamer would in america
he shoots the hermit we saw earlier and
now he is bleeding heavily
he asks bert to help him but he
threatens him to make him stay away
he leaves the man there to look for help
jeff and marcy are gently treading on
the fire when bird arrives back
they ask him if he left one of his
chromosomes at home as not even a child
would do stuff like this burt just gets
inside not answering any of their
questions at night they drink and talk
around the fire paul tells a very spooky
story as it is mandatory at every
campfire
grimm another hiker gets there and sits
down with his dog
he is acting weird and creepy so jeff
asks him to leave
grimm takes out a bag of weed which is
way too big to just carry around but it
does the job and everyone instantly
likes him
rain is coming so grim leaves to pack
his tent but he promises to come back
and bring the weed as well
karen is telling a story about how she
used to masturbate when someone bangs on
the door
they expect grim but the hermit shows up
burt locks the door on him and tells the
others that he is contagious
the hermit gets into their car and locks
the doors on himself
the man is about to exit the vehicle but
the script was written by bonobos so
paul smashes the mirror and the
windshield for some reason
bird is really missing his beloved
chromosome so he decides to shoot the
tire as that would make the man exit the
car
marcy pours the fire starter liquid on
him and of course jeff was taking a
[ __ ] torch outside and accidentally
drops it to burn the hermit alive
the hermit then runs away looney tunes
really need to step up their game to
beat the scriptwriting
we then see the actors trying to act but
it doesn't really work out as my morning
struggle on the toilet has more emotions
than this scene
they discuss what they can do in this
situation and karen wants to tell the
police what happened
they think the hermit was infected with
the same disease that the man at the gas
station told them about
bert tells them they are going to fix
the tire tomorrow and report it as an
accident
marcy leaves with a boat to get help as
she forgot that atlantis isn't real
although they agreed that they are going
to fix the car and head back no one does
anything
the actress playing karen makes sure to
never get a role in a movie scoring more
than five points on imdb as she shakes
like a mall massage chair under the name
of acting
paul tries to confront her with saying
that it was an accident
he then gives her a glass of tap water
karen feels so refreshed that she
forgets last night for a moment
jeff and bird are also looking for help
when they find a house
they hear a pig screaming so they decide
to check it out
a woman is slaughtering in the barn she
tells them the hog is infected and she
can't eat its meat
she tells them they won't find a
mechanic there only in town
she tells them they can radio ricky as
he owns a tow truck
they head to her house and tell her
about the guy who got into their car
last night
the lady asks them if it was henry her
cousin she shows a picture of him and as
soon as bird and jeff realizes they
killed her cousin they start lying about
it
they don't even call the tow truck they
just leave and tell her they are going
to fix the car themselves
marcy arrives back and the dynamite duo
lies about finding the dead man's
relative
deputy winston is meditating when paul
interrupts her so she draws a gun on him
at this point i'm out of words and don't
know how to describe how [ __ ] this
movie is
so let's just skip the cheesy pointless
conversation here in a nutshell the
deputy acts like she has a boner the
whole time and hits on paul
she leaves and promises to send a tow
truck up the next day
we switch to karen who is having a
nightmare paul and bert finally start
cleaning up the car but the hermit's
very angry doggo spots them
the dog is about to attack but marcy
saves them by shooting at it
good thing that rifle is always
conveniently around jeff calls the
justice league to have a meeting and
tells them he wants to leave as he
thinks something is coming for them
karen feels sick and leaves the table so
paul goes after her
he keeps bringing her the water that is
presumably causes the infection
bird is changing the tires while jeff is
standing guard with the rifle
you might ask why did they even look for
a tow truck when they could just easily
change the tire
good question let me know when you find
the answer the dog comes back and tries
to tell bert how [ __ ] he is at changing
tires
jeff thinks it is kind of offensive so
he shoots at the dog
the dog tries to make it easy for him
and doesn't even move but jeff still
manages to miss every shot
paul is being useful in doing the adult
stuff with karen but when he tries to do
the magic hand trick he realizes that
karen is literally rotting
somehow karen didn't see this huge rash
on her tights paul runs to get help as
he panics bird is doing the first
logical move in history and locks karen
in her room they want to quarantine
karen in the boathouse so they can stay
away from her
two seconds later they hold her hands
while escorting her they close the door
on her and paul runs away to look for
help in the middle of the night
he decides that the road is for [ __ ]
and goes into the woods to find help
snow white style
he finds out that the forest animals
aren't like in disney cartoons and runs
away as he hears the doggo growling
marcy brings food for karen but karen is
being karen and takes offense and
quarantining her
paul finds walter white but they just
scare him away and refuse to help
he heads back to the house and we see
karen taking photos in the cabin
the a-team is arguing about sleeping
alone or together paul calms them down
when they see the dog covered in blood
trying to enter the cabin
the infected dog magically disappears
and they head out with the rifle to kill
it
of course the dog is just [ __ ] with
them so by the time they get out he is
long gone
bird is on watch but they all fall
asleep in the morning marcy and paul
opens the door and see karen in a
horrible state
they finally decide to start the car
when bert coughs up blood and finds
rashes on his arm
he speeds off to the city since the
others are still bitching about stuff no
one cares about
jeff goes inside and drinks from the tap
water he grabs the beer and leaves
paul grabs karen's clothes and sheets
and throws them into the river which
makes zero sense but he lacks brain
cells so we forgive him
marcy thinks they are all going to die
so she and paul start the sex while jeff
is getting wasted in an abandoned cabin
and karen is hours away from dying
how romantic bert gets to the store they
stopped before and asks daddy number one
to call a doctor
dennis the kid thinks bird is a pancake
and bites him
daddy of the year wants to shoot him
down but the other guy stops him
team alabama then decides to gather
their forces and hunt down each and
every one of the camping people to stop
the infection from spreading
paul got bored of marcy and heads
outside to bring some water to the
breathing corpse we call karen
the hillbillies are chasing bird while
marcy finds out she is also infected
bert's car runs out of gas and marcy is
taking a bath paul goes to look for jeff
when the hermit emerges from the lake
and attacks him
paul fends him off and kills him finally
marcy peels her skin off accidentally
and panics in the bathtub as it turns to
a bloodbath
paul realizes that the infection is
coming from the water as he sees a sign
from the other side of the lake
marcy goes outside and collapses on the
ground when the hermit's dog finally
tears her apart
paul gets back to the cabin opens the
door of the boathouse and kills the dog
karen begs for him to end her life paul
is about to shoot but the gun isn't
firing he grabs a shovel and pierces her
mouth with it it is so ineffective that
karen asks him to do it again
he is too much a [ __ ] to do it so he
sets her on fire instead like that
worked great before
karen screams in pain as paul watches
the boathouse burn to the ground
bert arrives back and when paul asks him
what happened the hillbillies shoot and
kill bert
paul grabs the rifle and guns down the
team as the safety was on before and
that's why he couldn't shoot karen
paul then finds the truck the
hillbillies used and tries to drive away
he realizes he is also infected and
drives the car into a tree
paul finds the deputy and tries to
convince her to give him a ride
the deputy draws her gun on him again
but refuses to shoot him
the deputy tells him there is a shortcut
in the woods and he can find a doctor
that way faster
paul leaves at the direction but
realizes that there is no road there and
the deputy lied to him
he gets lost and screams the deputy's
name in anger jeff gets back to the
cabin next day and sees that he won the
battle royal match
he screams winner winner chicken dinner
only to realize he is infected as well
the deputy of course joined the game
earlier and she ain't taking second
place so she shoots jeff with a sniper
rifle
we see paul having dennis as the visitor
before the end credits
this was cabin fever from 2016. i hope
you all enjoyed this video if you want
to see more please consider subscribing
to the channel
thanks